README.md, before:

# Garage-Vision Dev Portal

## Setup

1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and fill in secrets. The required variables are `DATABASE_URL`, `JWT_SECRET` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_SECRET`.
2. Configure AWS S3 to enable uploading logos and other files. Add the following environment variables from `.env.example`:
   - `S3_BUCKET`
   - `AWS_REGION`
   - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
   - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_S3_BUCKET`
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_AWS_REGION`
   
   The S3 bucket must already exist and permit uploads.
3. Install the Python dependencies:
   `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Run `./setup.sh` to install Node.js and all JavaScript dependencies. This
   script installs `nvm` if necessary, runs `nvm install 22` then `nvm use 22`,
   and executes `npm ci`. If your environment lacks internet access, make sure
   Node 22 and the packages listed in `package-lock.json` are already downloaded
   and available locally or use a prebuilt Docker image that contains them.
5. Make the bootstrap script executable and run it to scaffold the portal:
   `chmod +x bootstrap_dev_portal.sh && ./bootstrap_dev_portal.sh`
6. /workspaces/garage/database/garagev11.sql contains all live database information  

### Start the database

Start a local MySQL server before running migrations. If Docker is available you can start a container with:

```bash
docker run --name garage-db \
  -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=root \
  -e MYSQL_DATABASE=garage \
  -p 3306:3306 -d mysql:8
```

For a local installation, ensure the MySQL service is running and a database named `garage` exists. Update `DATABASE_URL` in `.env.local` if necessary.

6. Run migrations: `npm run migrate`
   - This command executes every `.sql` file in the `migrations/` directory in
     order and records which have been run.
   - Running the script again safely skips already-applied migrations.
7. Run tests and lint checks: `npm test` and `npm run lint`.
   The test suite expects environment variables such as `JWT_SECRET`
   (and the other variables in `.env.example`) to be defined.
   Copy `.env.example` to `.env.test` or create those variables in your environment before running Jest.
   The tests will automatically load variables from `.env.test` if it exists.
   Jest uses Next.js' built-in SWC compiler via `next/jest` so no Babel configuration is required.
8. Start dev server: `npm run dev`

## Code Style

ESLint is configured using the Next.js base rules. Custom settings warn on
unused variables, enforce single quotes and require semicolons. Run
`npm run lint` or enable an editor integration before committing. See
`.eslintrc.json` or the [Next.js ESLint guide](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/configuring/eslint)
for the full rule set.

## Database

All database schema changes are stored as `.sql` files in the `migrations/`
directory. The migration script executes them sequentially and records the
results so it can be run repeatedly without errors.

## New Endpoints

- `/api/suppliers` - list and create suppliers.
- `/api/suppliers/[id]` - view, update and delete a supplier.
- `/api/purchase-orders` - create purchase orders with items.
- `/api/quote-items` - create or fetch quote items.
- `/api/search` - search across clients, vehicles, jobs, quotes, invoices and parts.
- `/office/job-management?status=<status>` - view jobs filtered by the given status. Dashboard job counts link here.

## Invoice Generation

An invoice template lives in `templates/invoice_template_final.docx`. Use the helper
script `generate_invoice.py` to render this template with data in JSON format
and produce a PDF invoice. Example usage:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt  # or run ./setup.sh beforehand
python generate_invoice.py invoice_data.json
```

The PDF conversion relies on either the `docx2pdf` Python package or `unoconv`
being available. `docx2pdf` is installed via the requirements file, while
`unoconv` can be installed separately (e.g. `sudo apt-get install unoconv` on
Ubuntu or `brew install unoconv` on macOS).

The resulting files are written to the `output/` directory as
`invoice_<invoice_number>.docx` and `invoice_<invoice_number>.pdf`.

## Quotation Generation

An editable quotation template lives in `templates/quotation_template_final.docx`.
Use the helper script `generate_quote.py` to fill this template with JSON data
and produce a PDF quote. Example usage:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt  # or run ./setup.sh beforehand
python generate_quote.py quote_data.json
```

See the note above regarding installing `docx2pdf` or `unoconv` for PDF
generation.

The resulting files are written to the `output/` directory as
`quote_<quote_number>.docx` and `quote_<quote_number>.pdf`.

## Viewing Quotes

From the office interface you can view any quotes linked to a client or vehicle.
Open a client or vehicle record and all associated quotes will appear beneath
their documents list.

## Master Search

The header on the office layout includes a search bar that queries multiple
entities at once. Results are grouped by type and link to the relevant
view or edit pages. Behind the scenes the `/api/search` endpoint performs
`LIKE` searches across clients, vehicles, jobs, quotes, invoices and parts.

## Apprentice Manager

The Apprentice Manager tracks engineering apprentices and the standards they are
working towards. Training standards are stored in the database so questions can
be linked to each apprentice.

### Ingesting standards

Standards are pulled from external PDFs and inserted into the database using
`scripts/ingestStandards.js`. There are two ways to run this script:

1. **Manually** – execute `node scripts/ingestStandards.js` from the repository
   root. Ensure the `DATABASE_URL` and `API_SECRET` environment variables are
   exported so the script can connect and authenticate.
2. **Scheduled workflow** – the GitHub Actions workflow
   `.github/workflows/ingest-standards.yml` runs the same command every Monday at
   02:00 UTC. Both `DATABASE_URL` and `API_SECRET` must be added as repository
   secrets for the workflow to succeed.

### Running ingestion and seeding

Populate the database with both training standards and sample quiz questions by
executing the ingestion and seeding scripts:

```bash
node scripts/ingestStandards.js
node scripts/seedQuestions.js
```

`seedQuestions.js` loads questions from `data/questionBank.json` and inserts
them into the `quiz_questions` table.

### Accessing the apprentice page

Once the dev server is running, open
`http://localhost:3000/office/apprentices` or click **Apprentices** in the
Office sidebar to view the list of apprentices.

The page includes a **Curriculum** tab that lists all training standards. Each
row shows the standard code, title, a **PDF** link to the original document and
a button to view any quiz questions.

### Standards API

Two endpoints expose the ingested standards and their quiz questions.

- `/api/standards/status` – returns the current ingest status and an array of
  available standards.
- `/api/standards/:id` – returns the quiz questions for the standard with the
  given ID.

Both endpoints require the secret defined in the `API_SECRET` environment
variable. Supply it as either a `secret` query parameter or an `X-API-SECRET`
header when making requests.

Both responses include `Cache-Control: no-store` to prevent caching.

### Seeding quiz questions

Sample quiz questions live in `data/questionBank.json`. Use `scripts/seedQuestions.js` to insert or update these rows in the `quiz_questions` table:

```bash
node scripts/seedQuestions.js
```

Ensure `DATABASE_URL` is set so the script can connect to the database.

### Reporting Bugs

A **Report Bug** button appears in the bottom-right corner of every page. Click it to open a modal where you can choose the affected section and describe the issue. Submitting the form sends the report to `/api/dev/report-bug` and displays a toast notification.

Commit message:

Add invoice PDF builder and tests

README.md, after:

# Garage-Vision Dev Portal

## Setup

1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and fill in secrets. The required variables are `DATABASE_URL`, `JWT_SECRET` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_SECRET`.
2. Configure AWS S3 to enable uploading logos and other files. Add the following environment variables from `.env.example`:
   - `S3_BUCKET`
   - `AWS_REGION`
   - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
   - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_S3_BUCKET`
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_AWS_REGION`
   
   The S3 bucket must already exist and permit uploads.
3. Install the Python dependencies:
   `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Run `./setup.sh` to install Node.js and all JavaScript dependencies. This
   script installs `nvm` if necessary, runs `nvm install 22` then `nvm use 22`,
   and executes `npm ci`. If your environment lacks internet access, make sure
   Node 22 and the packages listed in `package-lock.json` are already downloaded
   and available locally or use a prebuilt Docker image that contains them.
5. Make the bootstrap script executable and run it to scaffold the portal:
   `chmod +x bootstrap_dev_portal.sh && ./bootstrap_dev_portal.sh`
6. /workspaces/garage/database/garagev11.sql contains all live database information  

### Start the database

Start a local MySQL server before running migrations. If Docker is available you can start a container with:

```bash
docker run --name garage-db \
  -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=root \
  -e MYSQL_DATABASE=garage \
  -p 3306:3306 -d mysql:8
```

For a local installation, ensure the MySQL service is running and a database named `garage` exists. Update `DATABASE_URL` in `.env.local` if necessary.

6. Run migrations: `npm run migrate`
   - This command executes every `.sql` file in the `migrations/` directory in
     order and records which have been run.
   - Running the script again safely skips already-applied migrations.
7. Run tests and lint checks: `npm test` and `npm run lint`.
   The test suite expects environment variables such as `JWT_SECRET`
   (and the other variables in `.env.example`) to be defined.
   Copy `.env.example` to `.env.test` or create those variables in your environment before running Jest.
   The tests will automatically load variables from `.env.test` if it exists.
   Jest uses Next.js' built-in SWC compiler via `next/jest` so no Babel configuration is required.
8. Start dev server: `npm run dev`

## Code Style

ESLint is configured using the Next.js base rules. Custom settings warn on
unused variables, enforce single quotes and require semicolons. Run
`npm run lint` or enable an editor integration before committing. See
`.eslintrc.json` or the [Next.js ESLint guide](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/configuring/eslint)
for the full rule set.

## Database

All database schema changes are stored as `.sql` files in the `migrations/`
directory. The migration script executes them sequentially and records the
results so it can be run repeatedly without errors.

## New Endpoints

- `/api/suppliers` - list and create suppliers.
- `/api/suppliers/[id]` - view, update and delete a supplier.
- `/api/purchase-orders` - create purchase orders with items.
- `/api/quote-items` - create or fetch quote items.
- `/api/search` - search across clients, vehicles, jobs, quotes, invoices and parts.
- `/office/job-management?status=<status>` - view jobs filtered by the given status. Dashboard job counts link here.

## Invoice Generation

An invoice template lives in `templates/invoice_template_final.docx`. Use the helper
script `generate_invoice.py` to render this template with data in JSON format
and produce a PDF invoice. Example usage:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt  # or run ./setup.sh beforehand
python generate_invoice.py invoice_data.json
```

The PDF conversion relies on either the `docx2pdf` Python package or `unoconv`
being available. `docx2pdf` is installed via the requirements file, while
`unoconv` can be installed separately (e.g. `sudo apt-get install unoconv` on
Ubuntu or `brew install unoconv` on macOS).

The resulting files are written to the `output/` directory as
`invoice_<invoice_number>.docx` and `invoice_<invoice_number>.pdf`.

## Quotation Generation

An editable quotation template lives in `templates/quotation_template_final.docx`.
Use the helper script `generate_quote.py` to fill this template with JSON data
and produce a PDF quote. Example usage:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt  # or run ./setup.sh beforehand
python generate_quote.py quote_data.json
```

See the note above regarding installing `docx2pdf` or `unoconv` for PDF
generation.

The resulting files are written to the `output/` directory as
`quote_<quote_number>.docx` and `quote_<quote_number>.pdf`.

## Invoice PDF Generation

Invoices can be downloaded via `/api/invoices/[id]/pdf`. The endpoint
builds the PDF using the invoice data, customer details and your
company's banking terms.

## Viewing Quotes

From the office interface you can view any quotes linked to a client or vehicle.
Open a client or vehicle record and all associated quotes will appear beneath
their documents list.

## Master Search

The header on the office layout includes a search bar that queries multiple
entities at once. Results are grouped by type and link to the relevant
view or edit pages. Behind the scenes the `/api/search` endpoint performs
`LIKE` searches across clients, vehicles, jobs, quotes, invoices and parts.

## Apprentice Manager

The Apprentice Manager tracks engineering apprentices and the standards they are
working towards. Training standards are stored in the database so questions can
be linked to each apprentice.

### Ingesting standards

Standards are pulled from external PDFs and inserted into the database using
`scripts/ingestStandards.js`. There are two ways to run this script:

1. **Manually** – execute `node scripts/ingestStandards.js` from the repository
   root. Ensure the `DATABASE_URL` and `API_SECRET` environment variables are
   exported so the script can connect and authenticate.
2. **Scheduled workflow** – the GitHub Actions workflow
   `.github/workflows/ingest-standards.yml` runs the same command every Monday at
   02:00 UTC. Both `DATABASE_URL` and `API_SECRET` must be added as repository
   secrets for the workflow to succeed.

### Running ingestion and seeding

Populate the database with both training standards and sample quiz questions by
executing the ingestion and seeding scripts:

```bash
node scripts/ingestStandards.js
node scripts/seedQuestions.js
```

`seedQuestions.js` loads questions from `data/questionBank.json` and inserts
them into the `quiz_questions` table.

### Accessing the apprentice page

Once the dev server is running, open
`http://localhost:3000/office/apprentices` or click **Apprentices** in the
Office sidebar to view the list of apprentices.

The page includes a **Curriculum** tab that lists all training standards. Each
row shows the standard code, title, a **PDF** link to the original document and
a button to view any quiz questions.

### Standards API

Two endpoints expose the ingested standards and their quiz questions.

- `/api/standards/status` – returns the current ingest status and an array of
  available standards.
- `/api/standards/:id` – returns the quiz questions for the standard with the
  given ID.

Both endpoints require the secret defined in the `API_SECRET` environment
variable. Supply it as either a `secret` query parameter or an `X-API-SECRET`
header when making requests.

Both responses include `Cache-Control: no-store` to prevent caching.

### Seeding quiz questions

Sample quiz questions live in `data/questionBank.json`. Use `scripts/seedQuestions.js` to insert or update these rows in the `quiz_questions` table:

```bash
node scripts/seedQuestions.js
```

Ensure `DATABASE_URL` is set so the script can connect to the database.

### Reporting Bugs

A **Report Bug** button appears in the bottom-right corner of every page. Click it to open a modal where you can choose the affected section and describe the issue. Submitting the form sends the report to `/api/dev/report-bug` and displays a toast notification.
